More rules and stuff. (#17)
botblock/discord-botlist-best-practices: README.md

5. have bot listing requirements (such as no NSFW outside NSFW channels, respect rate-limits, don't respond to other bots, etc.)
6. blur NSFW profile pictures.
7. have a ToS and Privacy page.

> 8. have a notice in footer or anywhere easily reachable, stating that your site isn't affiliated with discord.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. make it clear that you are not affiliated with Discord.
```

> 9. have support for slash bots (like letting prefix to be not set, let users know whether this bot is slash command only or slash + bot, or bot only, etc.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. have support for applications using application (slash) commands as well as conventional bots.
```

> 10. not serve broken images, maybe let the broken images get replaced with custom image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This isn't a webdev 101 list, don't think this fits here

---

*Bot lists should meet these requirements to be a good bot list.*

## Your bot list should:

> 1. not display all bots on the homepage, the footer should be reachable without loading more and more bots.

Reviewer 2: Maybe change to "no infinite scrolling"?

Author: Ok sure

9. have a way for users to contact the folks operating the site (email, Discord, etc.).
10. notify users beforehand when your TOS or privacy policy is changing.
11. not be a copy of other's bot lists (open sourced lists, including lists that are edited or modified from other's lists).

> 12. have a better way of handling errors, instead of showing console errors, show a custom 500 status code page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
12. cleanly handle errors that occur client and server-side.
```

> 13. load fast enough, and use not a lot of time and/or internet data to load your site for the first time.

Reviewer: Again, this feels like a webdev 101 thing that doesn't really fit in this _bot list_ guidance

14. have a caching system in place.

> 15. not have a custom keybind to stop browser dev tools from loading.

Reviewer 2: Why?

> 15. not have a custom keybind to stop browser dev tools from loading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Seems like a weird thing to specifically call out

> 16. save users from getting xss attacks.
> 17. sanitize bot's long description.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
16. sanitize inputs, and protect against XSS and other malicious content.
```

> 18. allow custom css.

Reviewer 2: Not really a "should" imo.

Author: Should if you want your list to be actually good honestly...
¯\_(ツ)_/¯

> 18. allow custom css.
> 19. store markdown, render it as html on user's request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Neither of these feel like items a list _should_ do, up to them what features they decide to offer, a list can be perfectly functional and useful without them

Reviewer 2: Maybe have 19 more be like `have a simple format for long description (markdown, HTML, ...)`?

> 20. be usable on safari web browsers (both on iOS and Mac), Apple breaks your site on safari most of time, please check it out (maybe via browser stack).

Reviewer 2: Maybe "be reachable across all OS"

> 20. be usable on safari web browsers (both on iOS and Mac), Apple breaks your site on safari most of time, please check it out (maybe via browser stack).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
20. support [all major browsers across all major devices](https://browserslist.dev/?q=ZGVmYXVsdHM%3D).
```

21. not have NSFW ads, whilst following rule no. 7

> 22. not share user sensitive data without user's consent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
No point listing the law here, and definitely not under _should_

Author: A reminder that this section is for good bot lists, so having a should doesn't matters for lists that are not good...?

> 23. have a cookie consent on new visit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
No, they shouldn't have a cookie consent unless they absolutely need it because they're using cookies for non-core functionality

> 24. save user from malicious links

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Wrapped into previous suggestion around content sanitization

> 25. should not freeze user's browser and/or operating system.

Reviewer 2: ....and how would they prevent or even know that?

> 25. should not freeze user's browser and/or operating system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
No point listing webdev 101 here
